
                                       Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2




1) HTTP/2 is different from http/1 in several ways,including support server push,multiplexing of requests and header compression.
   HTTP/2 also uses binary encoding rather than encoding making it more efficient

2) HTTP/1.1 pipeline still requires the request to be returned in full, in the order requested .HTTP/2 allows the request responses
   to be spilt into chunks and be returned in an intermingled fashion so avoiding head of line blocking
 
                                                 HTTP/1.1
                             1) it works on the textual format
                             2) there is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests bihind
                                 it until it doesn't get its all reasource
                             3) it uses requests resource inlineing for use getting multiple pages
                             4) it compresses data by itself

                                                 HTTP/2
                              1) its works on the binary protocol

                              2) it allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
                              3) its uses push frame by server that collection all multiple pages
                              4) it uses HPACK for data compression.





                                         Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

1) in javascript, objects have an internal property known as prototype. you can also see that there is a scopes inside of these brakets as well 
    once clicking inside an objects. whenever there are [[]] that appear,it's an internal property that can't be accessed by our code

2) in javascript, an object is a standalone entity, with properties and type. compare it with a cup, for example.A cup is an objects, with properties A
    cup has a colour, a disign, wight, etc

3) functions can be defined inside objects, just like any other PROPERTY. these functions are called "methods" and can be invoked by sing the objects name .follwed
    by the method name and parentheses
     FOR example : const objects=(method:functions (){console.
4) property values can be values of any type, including other objects, which enables building complex data structure. there are two types of objects
   properties: the data property and the accessor property. each property has corresponding attributes 






























                                  